Ques - What are the different pre processing method require to prepare a dataset?
Ques - How can you decide the elements of cluster group?
Ques - What kind of problem can be tackle using ML?
Ques - What are the standard learning tasks include in ML?
Ques - What are the different learning stages in ML?
Ques - Explain the different possible conditions of SVM with the help of example.
Ques - How canyou decide an element of a cluster group? 
Ques - Explain information gain and gini Index ( Role in splitting ) .
Ques - How can you identify outlier in a dataset using SVM ?
Ques - Explain data accuracy with the help of examples.
Ques - What are the major difference b/w SVM, KNN and decision trees with examples.
Ques - Explain the concepts of each layer involved in neural network. And also define the fundamental difference b/w ANN and CNN. 
Ques - What are outliers? Explain with the help of boxplot.
Ques - Perform face detection using python libraries. 
Ques - Perform face detection without using python libraries.
Ques - Perform pattern matching algorithm using two different images with the help of OpenCV.
Ques - Health Cure
Ques - Object Detection using SSD
Ques - Crowd detection using HOG
Ques - Social distancing using YOLO V3
Ques - Face recognization based attendance system
Ques - Weight category using random forest 
Ques - IPL score prediction with flask ML
Ques - Flight price prediction
Ques - Movie Recommendation System
Ques - Image Captioning
Ques - Credit Card Fraud detection
Ques - House tax prediction using random forest
Ques - Goodle Stock prediction using LSTM .
Ques - Identify most dominating colour in Image using K- means.
Ques - Difference between YOLO,ALEXNET,VGG-16,VGG-19 and MOBILE NET in terms of CNN layer and working Criteria in each layer involved in given pre-trained  
       model.
Ques - Explain RELU,Sigmoid,Softmax.
Ques - Explain bagging and justify significance of Adaboost Algorithm.
Ques - Expalin K- means , Hererihacal ,DB Scan ,Fuzzy C mean with diagram.
Ques - Explain concept of frequent itemset minning (Approri algorithm).
Ques - Working concept of K- fold cross validation.
Ques - What is Booststrapping.Explain with the help of validating the dataset.
Ques - Define concept of clustering and explain K-means clustering,hererichcal clustering.
Ques - Explain low variance builder,high correlation filter/PCA
Ques - Explain the concept and working of word to vector conversion with Pseudocode.
Ques - Explain the significance of Tensorflow and Keras in Deep Learning with example.
Ques - Explain the concept and working of document to vector conversion with Pseudocode.
